LIBDOS2 - IO-library for MSX-DOS2 and HiTech-C
----------------------------------------------

HiTech-C comes with a standard library (libc.lib) that does not
support subdirectories and environment items under MSX-DOS2.

This library (libdos2.lib) is specificly written  for  MSX-DOS2
and fully supports subdirectories and environment items. 

	Obtaining LIBDOS2

Download libdos2.pma from http://banzai.msx.nu and unpack using
lhext.com. The distribution contains the library (libdos2.lib),
the sources (*.as, *.c) and some documentation (this file).

	Using LIBDOS2

To use libdos2  you  must  first  place  libdos2.lib  in  the
directory as libc.lib and then invoke the C-compiler with the
"-ldos2" option. If you want  to  link  in  the  support  for
floating point numbers as well you must make sure libf.lib is
scanned before libdos2.lib ("-lf -ldos2"). 
Note that libdos2.lib is not a complete C-library,  you  will
still need some functions from libc.lib, this is not normally
a  concern  because  the  compiler   driver   (e.g.   cc.com)
automatically instructs the linker to scan libc.lib.
Programs linked with libdos2 will only  run  under  MSX-DOS2.
Many functions could be rewritten to work under both DOS1 and
DOS2, but the DOS2-only versions are more compact. Of  course
you can easily make two versions of your program.

	Documentation

Most functions are described in the documentation that  comes
with HiTech-C.  A  possibly  incomplete  list  of  differences
between how libdos2 does and what the  documentation  says  it
does is below.

In functions taking a filename as argument, you can use '/' as
a path-separator; libdos2 will perform a  substitution  before
passing a filename to  MSX-DOS2.  This  substitution  is  also
available to applications directly as 

	int _flip(char *d, char *s, unsigned int n);

	Copy at most n characters from s to d, 
	any occurence of '/' will be replaced by '\\'.

The functions _getargs() and _glob() are intended for wildcard
expansion  in  the  command-line  (-R  option),  but  may   be
used directly as well, see glob.as and getargs.c for details.

The function  open()  takes  the  same  values  for  the  mode
argument as the original in  libc.lib.  Additionally  you  may
take a bitwise or with O_INHER to make the handle  inheritable
for child processes created with the DOS2 call  _FORK  (0x60).
The  macro  O_INHER  is  defined  in  unixio.h  together  with
O_RDONLY, O_WRONLY and O_RDWR.

The  header  file  dirent.h  contains  declarations  for  some
funtions to read directories. These functions comply with  the
POSIX standard.

	DIR * opendir (char * name);
	
	Open the directory with the given  name  for  reading,
        returns NULL and sets errno if  the  operation  fails,
        use malloc() to allocate memory.

	struct dirent * readdir (DIR * dir);

        Read one entry from directory dir,  struct  dirent  is
        actually a  file  information  block  and  defined  in
        dirent.h, but if you want to write a portable program,
        you should only use char d_name[],  a  zero-terminated
        string with at most  NAME_MAX  characters  before  the
        zero.
        The result of readdir() will  be  overwritten  by  the
        next call to readdir() for the same directory.

	int closedir (DIR * dir);

        Close directory dir and release the associated storage
        with free().

	void rewinddir (DIR * dir);

        Reset the pointer in directory dir, the next  call  to
        readdir() for this directory  will  return  the  first
        directory entry.

Other functions  operating  on  directories  are  declared  in
sys.h: 

	int chdir (char * name);
	int mkdir (char * name);
	int getcwd (int drive);
	int rmdir (char * name);

        These functions follow the HiTech-C documentation. The
        functions  mkdir()  and  getcwd()  have  a   different
        calling convention than their POSIX counterparts.

The  getenv()  function  returns  a  pointer  to   a   freshly
malloc()'ed string rather than a pointer to static storage. It
is possible to free()  the  pointer,  but  this  will  not  be
portable to other systems. 
Libdos2 does not provide a char ** environ.

Please send bug reports, comments, suggestions for improvement
etc. to Arnold Metselaar<arnold.metselaar@planet.nl>.

